Interrupts

Problems:

P0. Read from the standard input (keyboard) the name of a file. Print the contents of this file on the screen.

P1. A string of bytes is given in the data segment. Print on the standard output (screen) the elements of this string in base 2.

P2. Read a character from the keyboard without echo. If the character is a digit, print it on the screen. If the character is '$', end the current program. In any other situation, the character is added to a buffer (i.e. a string) which will be printed on the screen when the program exits.

P3. Read a drive letter (e.g. 'C', 'D', 'Z'..) from the keyboard (let's call it X). If the current drive is the drive letter read from the keyboard, set the default drive to X:. Otherwise make the current drive to be X:. Every error will be signalized to the user.

P4. Print the current date on the screen and also the current day of the week (using letters, not numbers).

P5. Print the current system time on the screen using the hh:mm format and also specify whether it is 'AM' or 'PM'.

P6. Implement an authentication program. The program has the string 'password' defined in its data segment. The program repeatedly asks the user to input the password at the keyboard and verifies if the password given by the user is identical with the string 'password' from the data segment and prints a suitable message on the screen. The program exits when the user guessed the password.

P7. Write a program which reads the name of a file from the keyboard and then it prints on the screen the even lines from this file.

P8. Write a program which reads the name of a file and two characters from the keyboard. The program should replace all occurrences of the first character in that file with the second character given by the user.

P9. Print the name and content of the current directory (the name of all files and subdirectories).

P10. Print on the screen the attributes of a file whose name is given at the keyboard (Useful DOS commands: attrib).

P11. Set the attributes of a file whose name will be read from the keyboard. The new attributes will be determined through a dialog with the user (Useful DOS commands: attrib).

P12. Read from standard input (keyboard) two file names. Copy the content of the first file in the second file. All possible errors are shown to the user.

P13. Read from standard input (keyboard) the name of a file and the name of a directory. Print a suitable message if that file exists or does not exist in the specified directory.

P14. Read a word and the name of a file from the keyboard. Print a suitable message on the screen if the word exists or does not exist in the given file.

P15. Read from the standard input (keyboard) two directory names, dir1 and dir2. Create the new directory dir1\dir2.

P16. Read from the standard input (keyboard) the name of a file. Verify whether the size of the file is a multiple of 13 and if it is not, add zero bytes to the file so that the size of the file becomes a multiple of 13.

Solutions:

P0.asm
P1.asm
P2.asm
P3.asm
P4.asm
P5.asm
P6.asm
P7.asm
P8.asm
P9.asm
P10.asm
P11.asm
P12.asm
P13.asm
P14.asm
P15.asm
P16.asm